Congratulations,

PyPomodoro, one of your products, has been added to Softpedia's database
of
software programs for Mac OS. It is featured with a description text,
screenshots, download links and technical details on this page:
http://mac.softpedia.com/get/Business/PyPomodoro.shtml

The description text was created by our editors, using sources such as
text
from your product's homepage, information from its help system, the PAD
file (if available) and the editor's own opinions on the program itself.


"PyPomodoro" has been tested in the Softpedia labs using several
industry-leading security solutions and found to be completely clean of
adware/spyware components. We are impressed with the quality of your
product and encourage you to keep these high standards in the future.

To assure our visitors that PyPomodoro is clean, we have granted it with
the "100% FREE" Softpedia award. To let your users know about this
certification, you may display this award on your website, on software
boxes or inside your product.

More information about your product's certification and the award is
available on this page:
http://mac.softpedia.com/progClean/PyPomodoro-Clean-74237.html

Feel free to link to us using the URLs above. If you choose to link to
the
clean award page for your product, you may use the award graphic or a
text
link: "100% FREE award granted by Softpedia".


If you feel that having your product listed on Softpedia is not a
benefit
for you or simply need something changed or updated, please contact us
via
email at webmaster@softpedia.com and we will work with you to fix any
problem you may have found with the product's listing.

--
Sincerely,
The Softpedia Team

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Softpedia is a library of over 400,000 free and free-to-try software
programs for Windows, Mac OS and Linux, games and gaming tools, Windows
device drivers, mobile devices and IT-related articles.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Softpedia - the encyclopedia of free software downloads
http://www.softpedia.com/